db_id: pets_1
The database has the following 3 tables.
The table named Student records information about a student in each row.
The column named StuID in the Student table records the student's id.
The column named LName in the Student table records the student's last name.
The column named Fname in the Student table records the student's first name.
The column named Age in the Student table records the student's age.
The column named Sex in the Student table records the student's sex.
The column named Major in the Student table records the student's major.
The column named Advisor in the Student table records the student's advisor.
The column named city_code in the Student table records the student's city code.
The table named Has_Pet records a pet ownership in each row.
The column named StuID in the Has_Pet table records the student id of the pet owner, and the column named PetID records the id of the pet owned.
The table named Pets records information about a pet in each row.
The column named PetID in the Pets table records the pet's id.
The column named PetType in the Pets table records the pet's type.
The column named pet_age in the Pets table records the pet's age.
The column named weight in the Pets table records the pet's weight

db_id: concert_singer
The database has the following 4 tables.
The table named stadium records information about a stadium in each row.
The column named Stadium_ID in the stadium table records the stadium's id.
The column named Location in the stadium table records the stadium's location.
The column named Name in the stadium table records the stadium's name.
The column named Capacity in the stadium table records the stadium's capacity.
The column named Highest in the stadium table records the stadium's highest attendance.
The column named Lowest in the stadium table records the stadium's lowest attendance.
The column named Average in the stadium table records the stadium's average attendance.
The table named singer records information about a singer in each row.
The column named Singer_ID in the singer table records the singer's id.
The column named Name in the singer table records the singer's name.
The column named Country in the singer table records the singer's country.
The column named Song_Name in the singer table records the name of the singer's song.
The column named Song_release_year in the singer table records release year of the song.
The column named Age in the singer table records the singer's age.
The column named Is_male in the singer table records whether the singer is male.
The table named concert records information about a concert in each row.
The column named concert_ID in the concert table records the concert's id.
The column named concert_Name in the concert table records the concert's name.
The column named Theme in the concert table records the concert's theme.
The column named Stadium_ID in the concert table records the concert's stadium id.
The column named Year in the concert table records the concert's year.
The table named singer_in_concert records which singer performed in which concert.
The column named concert_ID in the singer_in_concert table records a concert's id, and the column named Singer_ID records the id of the singer who performed in the concert.

db_id: car_1
The database has the following 6 tables.
The table named continents records information about a continent in each row.
The column named ContId in the continents table records the continent's id.
The column named Continent in the continents table records continent's name.
The table named countries records information about a country in each row.
The column named CountryId in the countries table records the country's id.
The column named CountryName in the countries table records the country's name.
The column named Continent in the countries table records the continent that the country is in.
The table named car_makers records information about a car maker in each row.
The column named Id in the car_makers table records the car maker's id.
The column named Maker in the car_makers table records the acronym of the car maker's name.
The column named FullName in the car_makers table records the car maker's full name.
The column named Country in the car_makers table records the car maker's country.
The table named model_list records information about a model in each row.
The column named ModelId in the model_list table records the model's id.
The column named Maker in the model_list table records the model's car maker.
The column named Model in the model_list table records the model's name.
The table named car_names records information about the make of a car in each row.
The column named MakeId in the car_names table records the car make's id.
The column named Model in the car_names table records the car make's model
The column named Make in the car_names table records the car make's name.
The table named cars_data records further information about the make of a car in each row.
The column named Id in the cars_data table records the car make's id.
The column named MPG in the cars_data table records the number of miles the car make can drive using one gallon of fuel.
The column named Cylinders in the cars_data table records the number of cylinders in the car make.
The column named Edispl in the cars_data table records the car make's engine displacement volume in cubic inches.
The column named Horsepower in the cars_data table records the power of the car make's engine in horsepowers.
The column named Weight in the cars_data table records the weight of the car in lbs.
The column named Accelerate in the cars_data table records the time taken to accelerate the car from 0 to 60mph in seconds (possibly with fractions of a second).
The column named Year in the cars_data table records the year in which the car make was created.
